# # PostRequestFormatShipmentDetails

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**shipmentId** | **string** | Unique Shipment Identifier for the shipment. This is by default generated by the API but can be overwritten by clients. | [optional]
**customerRef1** | **string** | Intended to be printed on Label - 1, also pick and pack info | [optional]
**customerRef2** | **string** | Intended to be printed on Label - 2, also pick and pack info. Add a value and a description of goods when shipping to the Channel Islands for the customer ref2 field. | [optional]
**orderedProduct** | **string** | Identifies the DHL eCommerce UK 3 digit service code that is to be applied to the shipment. |
**totalPieces** | **int** | Total number of pieces/parcels/boxes in shipment. Maximum number of pieces depends on product selected. Please refer the Product API to check max number of pieces for given product |
**totalWeight** | **float** | Total weight of shipment in kilograms to two decimal places |
**inBoxReturn** | **bool** | Is an inbox return shipment and label required? If true then shipments -&gt; return object should be provided | [optional]
**shipmentDesc** | **string** | Description of the contents of the shipment (See reference for general categories) | [optional]
**dutiesPaid** | **string** | Indicates whether duties and taxes for the shipment are paid by the shipper - DDP (Delivered Duties Paid), DAP (Delivered at Place). | [optional]
**freightCharges** | **float** | Freight costs for  shipment | [optional]
**currency** | **string** | Three-letter ISO Currency code | [optional]
**deliveryInstructions** | **string** | Special instructions for the delivery driver | [optional]
**secureLocation** | **string** | Optional description of a location where a parcel may be safely left at delivery | [optional]
**partnerCode** | **string** | Optional partner code for DHL eCommerce UK partner | [optional]
**totalPallets** | **int** | Total number of pallets in this shipment if a pallets product. Please refer the Product API to check max number of pallets allowed for pallet product. | [optional]
**exchangeOnDelivery** | **bool** | Is an exchange on delivery required? If true, then a parcel must be collected in return for the parcel delivered. (United Kingdom delivery only) | [optional]
**carriageForward** | **bool** | This shipment is a carriage forward type shipment | [optional]
**thirdPartyCollection** | **bool** | This shipment is a third party collection type shipment | [optional]
**iossShipment** | **bool** | Is IOSS Vat processing required for this shipment? If the product selected from the Product Capabilities API has iossApplies as true and nonIossAllowed as false then this must be set to true. | [optional]
**totalDeclaredValue** | **float** | Total declared value for the shipment. Recommend to provide the declared value at shipment level. Mandatory to provide totalDeclaredValue at shipment level or piece level declared value if delivery outside United Kingdom. | [optional]
**deliveryChoice** | **string** | Specify what delivery choice is required for the delivery. Delivery Choices are enabled by account and are mutually exclusive at shipment level. Only one delivery choice can be selected if required. If no delivery choice is selected, the shipment will be delivered according to the service selected. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
